# About

Georgia Votes is a voting app dedicated to helping get out the vote by making it easy to find where and how to vote. You can find your nearest polling locations, upcoming elections and candidates, representatives, and information about how to register and vote.

While the information for voter registration and how to vote is tailored to Georgia, you can still use Georgia Votes to find your nearest polling stations and representatives, no matter where you live.

With Georgia Votes, you can

- Find your nearest polling location, early voting sites, and absentee ballot drop-off locations

- Look up upcoming elections and their candidates

- Find your current representatives and their contact information

- Set reminders for Election Day

- Learn about how to register to vote, where to register, where to vote, and more!

Every vote matters!

# Terms and Conditions

Last updated: October 27, 2020

This GA Votes Terms and Condition applies to your access to and use of the mobile app and its services provided by GA Votes ("GA Votes", "we", or "us"). If you access or use GA Votes, you agree to these Terms and Conditions and accept to be bound by them. If you want to know how we collect, use, and share information about you when you use GA Votes, look below at our Privacy Policy.

#### PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO UNDERSTAND OUR RULES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.

## Our Services

### Accessing Our Services

To use GA Votes, you must be at least 13 years old. If you are not of age, please obtain verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian and send it to us with the contact information in the "Contact Us" section of these Terms and Conditions. Furthermore, we do not permit any machine, robot, computer program, or anything similar to create an account to access the services provided by GA Votes. Failure to abide by these rules will result in the immediate termination of your account. To use GA Votes, you may be asked to provide us with your address. This data will not be stored, and we will not have access to this data. For more information, please visit our Privacy Policy below.

The services that we provide are solely for your personal use and may not be shared with anyone else. If you are using GA Votes to access our services, you are not permitted to:

1. sell, transfer, distribute, host, or in any way exploit GA Votes;

2. use any data mining, data gathering, or data extraction methods;

3. test the vulnerability of our system or network or breach any security or authentication measures that we have installed;

4. modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of GA Votes; or

5. access our services to create a similar, competitive product or service.

## Your Content

You will not be asked to provide content on GA Votes. However, if you add any content, any content that you create is not endorsed in any way by GA Votes. Therefore, you are responsible for the content that you submit using GA Votes and for any harm resulting from it. We are not liable for the content that you submit using GA Votes. You retain ownership rights for the content that you create and submit and are still responsible for all content that you submit to GA Votes.

### Content Rules

You must not submit any content that contains any form of harassment, bullying, or any other form of violence or hate. You must not submit any content that is obscene, offensive, humiliating, or violate any laws or rights of any third party. You must not submit any content that is degrading or discriminating against others based on their race, gender, class, ethnicity, nationality, sexual preference, disability, or any other sensitive information about that individual or group. You must also not share other users' personal information with other people unless you are given specific permission by that person. You must also not post any content that in any way encourages the malicious actions described in this section.

### Third Party Content

GA Votes contains links to third-party websites, products, or services. Content that is generated by these third-parties is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any content that you are exposed to from these third-party services or that you post to these third-party services.

## Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANYTHING THAT HAPPENS TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY INVOLVED FOR ANY FORM OF DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, THAT RESULT FROM THE COLLECTION, USE, AND MODIFICATION OF YOUR CONTENT, YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE GA VOTES, YOUR TERMINATION FROM GA VOTES, CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY THAT HAS ACCESS AND USE GA VOTES. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE AS A RESULT OF ACCESSING AND USING GA VOTES. WE HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY MATTERS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. USE THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY GA VOTES AT YOUR OWN RISK.

## Changes to Our Terms and Conditions

The contents of our Terms and Conditions may be altered at any time, at our discretion. However, an email will be sent out to let our users know when these statements are altered. The date at the top of this Terms and Conditions will also be changed to the date that it was altered. We encourage you to review the Terms and Conditions whenever you access or use our GA Votes or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about what we expect from you as you continue to use GA Votes. By continuing to use GA Votes after these changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised policy.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or any general questions about GA Votes, please contact us at GAVotesContact@gmail.com.

Best regards,

The GA Votes team

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: October 27, 2020

GA Votes ("GA Votes", "we", "us") understands the importance of your privacy as a user of this mobile application. We want you to understand how and why we collect, use, and share information about you when you use GA Votes. This privacy policy describes the types of information collected by GA Votes and how it is used.

#### PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.

## What Information We Collect

When you use GA Votes, we ask that you enter your address to access certain functionalities in the application. We do not store your address or any other personal information. We will not have access to your address.

## How We Use Information About You

We use information about you as required or permitted by law to:

1. Find your nearest polling and drop-off locations.

2. Find your local, state, and national representatives.

3. Find the upcoming elections and candidates in your area.

## How Information About You Is Shared

We do not collect any information and therefore will not share it.

## Your choices

As a GA Votes user, you can protect and limit the amount of information that we collect, use, and share.

### Accessing and Changing Your Information

You can access and change your address through the location symbol in the top right corner of every page.

### Sensitive Personal Data

We do not ask for you to provide any sensitive personal data, which may include and is not limited to social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background. If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us, you consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data, you must not send us such content.

### Securing Your Data

You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your account. If you suspect that your data has been any way shared, please immediately notify us by using the contact information provided in the "Contact Us" section of these Terms and Conditions.

## Data Security

We do not store any information that you provide to us. Should any incident occur in which your data is stolen, we are not liable. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.

## Data Storage

We do not store any of the information that you submit, including your address. We do not have access to any of the information that you submit, including your address. If this app were to shut down, then all data stored within our database will be deleted forever so that no one will have access to it again, including us.

## Other information

### Links to Other Websites and Services

GA Votes contains links to third-party websites or services. We are not responsible for the content or practices of those websites or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party websites or services, and not this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you read the Privacy Policies that these third parties provide.

### Jurisdiction

If you choose to use GA Votes, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and GA Votes's Terms and Conditions. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes arising under this policy shall be governed by the laws of Georgia in the United States of America.

### Children

GA Votes is not intended for children under the age of 13. If we are informed that we have collected “personal information” (as defined by the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from children under the age of 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.

### Changes to This Privacy Statement

The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. However, an email will be sent out to let our users know when these privacy statements are altered. The date at the top of this Policy will also be changed to the date that it was altered. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our GA Votes or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. By continuing to use GA Votes after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised policy.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or any general questions about GA Votes, please contact us at GAVotesContact@gmail.com.

Best regards,

The GA Votes team
